Drink if you’ve posted a picture with Sara on social media within the last month.
Drink if you have Sara's number saved under a nickname instead of Sara's real name.
Drink if you’ve seen Sara naked.
Drink if you’ve acted as Sara's wingwoman before.
Drink if you have Sara's phone number memorized.
Drink if you’ve held back Sara's hair while she’s thrown up before.
Drink if you’ve watched Sara's Instagram story today.
Drink if you’re wearing the same color outfit as Sara.
Drink if you know both Sara's parents’ names.
Drink if you know Sara's middle name.
Drink if you went to elementary school with Sara.
Drink if you’ve ever had a crush on someone Sara's dated.
Drink if you’ve ever been to a concert with Sara.
Drink if you’ve ever been on a road trip with Sara.
Drink if you’ve ever gotten high with Sara.
Drink if you’ve ever danced with Sara.
Drink if you’ve ever sang karaoke with Sara.
Drink if you’ve been drunk in an Uber with Sara.
Drink if I’ve ever made you laugh until your stomach hurt.
Drink if you’ve heard Sara having sex through the walls before.
Drink if you’ve been to the beach with Sara.
Drink if we’ve ever bingewatched a show together (or at the same time).
Drink if you’ve ever been to the barre with Sara.
Drink if we’ve ever worn matching bracelets or shirts.
Drink if you didn't go to college with Sara. 
Drink if you’ve ever called Sara in the middle of the night asking for advice.
Drink if we’ve ever gotten manicures together.
Drink if you’ve ever beat Sara at a video game.
Drink if you’ve seen Sara cry.
Drink if you’ve sent Sara a text today.
Drink if you’ve ever sent Sara a physical letter in the mail.
Drink if you’ve ever been Sara's designated driver.
Drink if you can’t pull up a picture of Sara on your phone right now.
Drink if you’re in a group chat with Sara on Facebook.
Drink if you’ve ever seen Sara in her underwear.
Drink if you went to high school with Sara.
Drink if you’ve ever borrowed clothing of mine.
Drink if you’ve seen a movie with Sara within the last month.
Drink if you’ve slept over Sara's house before.
Drink if you’re wearing the same color lipstick as Sara.
Drink if you live less than twenty minutes away from Sara.
Drink if you grew up in the same town as Sara.
Drink if we have a song that represents our friendship.
Drink if you’ve already taken a selfie with Sara today.
Drink if you’ve known Sara for more than five years.
Drink if you have the same color eyes as Sara.
Drink if you have the same color hair as Sara.
Drink if you have more piercings than Sara.
Drink if you have more tattoos than Sara.
Drink if your cup is more full than mine.
Drink if you’ve complimented Sara today.
Drink if you’ve hugged Sara today.
Drink if you’ve liked one of Sara's photos this week.
Drink if you have Sara's birthday memorized.
Drink if you follow Sara on Twitter.
Drink if you follow Sara on Instagram.
Drink if you actually know Sara's email address.
Drink if you have an embarrassing picture of Sara on your phone.
Drink if you’ve ever celebrated the holidays with Sara.
Drink if you consider Sara one of your best friends.
Drink if you've made out with Sara.